okay guys I know you've seen the Voyager
but I don't think you've seen the
Voyager quite like this this phone is
broken and I've already bought a brand
new one and it's coming tomorrow so um
well i'm pretty sure that nobody has
ever seen this before check this out
it's right inside of Voyager this is the
front part of it and as you see it still
works this part right here is your touch
screen this is where all the touchscreen
cables or ribbon cables are connected to
this is the touch screen itself here's
the front LCD screen you can see the
backlit lights are right here the other
buttons are right here which is the
actual button here's your ear piece
right there then you have your speaker
on the inside right there and then the
other speaker right there just watch
this though now see that this isn't
really in the actual touch screen it's
this part right here but look here now
see I'm not actually touching the screen
though watch this see
neat isn't it we move that back over
which I'm pretty sure it doesn't really
matter because I'm about to send us
about to get rid of it anyways I don't
know I might keep it but and open this
up see it's actually extremely thin
without the front on it and it's a
little wobbly so let's move this around
see you inside of its busted but also
that's what the inside speaker looks
like without this thing that's the
actual speaker right there so but that's
the Voyager without the screen thanks
for watching